1.	
Form validation is when a form is filled out and privided with feedback when the data is entered.
Data entered can be various, but in some cases the required field has specfic chracters that would
need to be entered before the form can be validated.  

2.	
    1.) HTML5 built in form validation, requires no JavaScript
    2.) JavaScript

3.
HTML5 built in form validation is when data provided is correct, allowing for imputted data to be sumbitted 
through a server, then saved to the database. However from the backend if the data does not fulfill the required
paramaters, then a notifcation will appear to state what would need to be fixed. 
 the required attribute is the minimum req. that needs to be added for built in form validation to work.

4.	
    <input type= "text" name ="username" placeholder="username"
                            pattern="J-p-i_9-da-uy_gh"
                                title="A vaild username must be entered. At least one number, one 
                                special chracter with 8 chracters must be entered."
                            required>

     To implement html5 built in form Validation we would need one of the seven attributes for built in from validation;
      in this case the 'required' is used. This works when the pattern element uses a regex that is an example for the required data
      chracters to be entered in the from prior to submission.                          

5.	
With JavaScript Constraint Validation API one has all acess control over customizing all aspects of the form
validation;back-end and front-end. With HTML5 form validation one only has control for the client-side server. 

6.	
 the title attribute because it will override messages made in the JavaScript through the .setCustomValidity() 
 method.


7.	
While it may be good for a UX, client side is not secure and can be easily manipulated.
When data has be inputted that is invalid, on the server side it is rejected. 

8.
To obtain all the corectly formatted data. 
To protect user's data by requiring them to create secure passwords/usernamess, which in return will
protect their information. 
To protect from hackers.


9.	
being able to validate most data inputted by the use w/o JavaScript. This is 
accomplished by the use of validation attributes on form attributes such as
required, min length, max length, etc.

10.
 required- specifies if a certain form field needs to be filled before submssion. 
 min length/max length- specifies the minimum/maximum length of vaule that one can input 
 min and max- specifies a minimum/maximum  vaules of number input types
 type - specifies if data needs to be a number, email or any other particular preset type
 pattern- specifies a regular expression (regex) defined as a pattern that any entered data needs to follow 


